Add InterProScan to Pipeline and integrate in AMPcombi (#428)
nf-core/funcscan: docs/output.md

|   ├── prodigal/
|   ├── prokka/
|   └── pyrodigal/

> ├── function/

Reviewer: What exactly do you mean here by function? I don't find that particularly descriptive and would'nt know what you mean by that necessarily.

Author: We now decided for 'protein_annotation'.

[Bakta](https://github.com/oschwengers/bakta) is a tool for the rapid & standardised annotation of bacterial genomes and plasmids from both isolates and MAGs. It provides dbxref-rich, sORF-including and taxon-independent annotations in machine-readable JSON & bioinformatics standard file formats for automated downstream analysis. The output is used by some of the functional screening tools.

> ### Functional classifications

Reviewer: What about 'domainprediction' or something like that?

Author: We went for 'protein annotation' instead at the end.

[InterProScan](#interproscan)

#### InterProScan

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `interproscan/`

>   - `<samplename>_cleaned.faa`: clean version of the fasta files (amino acids) generated by one of the annotated tools. These contain sequences with no special character

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `<samplename>_cleaned.faa`: clean version of the fasta files (amino acids) generated by one of the annotated tools. These contain sequences with no special character.
```

What is an 'annotated tool'? Is this  atool within interproscan?
What is a special character?

Author: Ive explained it a bit more now ..

>   - `<samplename>_cleaned.faa`: clean version of the fasta files (in amino acid format) generated by one of the annotation tools (i.e. Pyrodigal, Prokka, Bakta or Prokke). These contain sequences with no special characters (for eg. '\*' or '-').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `<samplename>_cleaned.faa`: clean version of the fasta files (in amino acid format) generated by one of the annotation tools (i.e. Pyrodigal, Prokka, Bakta). These contain sequences with no special characters (for eg. '\*' or '-').
```

  - `<samplename>_interproscan_faa.tsv`: predicted proteins and domains using the InterPro database in TSV format

</details>

> [InterProScan](https://academic.oup.com/bioinformatics/article/30/9/1236/237988?login=true) (**a**nti**m**icrobial **p**eptide **p**rediction **i**n **r**) was designed to predict the protein function and and provide possible domain and motif information for the coding regions. It utilizes the InterPro database that consists of multiple sister databases such as PANTHER, ProSite, Pfam, etc. More details can be found in the [documentation](https://interproscan-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[InterProScan](https://academic.oup.com/bioinformatics/article/30/9/1236/237988?login=true) is designed to predict the protein function and and provide possible domain and motif information for the coding regions. It utilizes the InterPro database that consists of multiple sister databases such as PANTHER, ProSite, Pfam, etc. More details can be found in the [documentation](https://interproscan-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).
```

  - `<sample>/*_ampcombi.tsv`: summarised output in tsv format for each sample
  - `<sample>/*_amp.faa*`: fasta file containing the amino acid sequences for all AMP hits for each sample
  - `<sample>/*_mmseqs_matches.txt*`: alignment file generated by MMseqs2 for each sample

:::info

> In some cases, when the AMP workflow is turned on, only summary files per sample will be created in the output folder with **NO** `Ampcombi_summary.tsv` and `Ampcombi_summary_cluster.tsv` files and hence no taxonomic classifications will be merged (if the taxonomic classification subworkflow is turned on). This can occur when strictly setting parameters which can lead to no AMP hits found in any of the samples or in only one sample. Look out for `[nf-core/funcscan] AMPCOMBI2: 0/1 file passed. Skipping AMPCOMBI2_COMPLETE, AMPCOMBI2_CLUSTER, and TAXONOMY MERGING steps.`in the stdout or `.nextflow.log` file.

Reviewer: I don't understand exactly what you're trying to say here...

Is it: You will only get Ampcombi_summary/tsv and cluster.tsv if taxonomic classification is executed?

Or is it simply, if there are no XYZ hits you will not get those files?

Author: exactly your last interpretation :)

Author: I rephrased it a bit
